Update README.md with marketing info (#11)
OpenVisualCloud/Media-Entertainment-AI-Suite: README.md

### Key Features
- **Video Super Resolution:** Includes support for four pre-trained models, optimized for best performance on Intel® Xeon™ CPUs and Intel® Datacenter GPU hardware.
  - **Enhanced RAISR** – Optimized C/C++ implementation of the [Rapid and Accurate Image Super Resolution (RAISR)](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1606.01299.pdf) algorithm, with pre-trained filters to support 1.5 and 2x up-scaling, with options for low-res, high-res, and denoising.  Details of this algorithm can be found in our joint paper with AWS presented at [Mile High Video 2024](https://dl.acm.org/doi/10.1145/3638036.3640290).
  - **TSENet** (Temporally Stabilized ETDS Network) – Optimized implementation of the [ETDS](https://github.com/ECNUSR/ETDS) algorithm for 2x up-scaling, with enhancements for multi-frame temporal stabilization.  Details of this algorithm can be found in our papers presented at Mile High Video 2025, and at the [NAB 2025 BEIT](https://nabpilot.org/product/tsenet-video-super-resolution-for-broadcast-television/) conference.
  - **Enhanced EDSR** – Optimized implementation of the [EDSR](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1707.02921.pdf) algorithm for 2x up-scaling, using OpenVINO.

>   - **Enhanced BasicVSR** – Optimized implementation of the [BasicVSR](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.02181.pdf) algorithm for 2x up-scaling, using OpenVINO.

Reviewer: It is considered not a good practice, to add links directly pointing to binary resources without landing page in the middle. I would advise to link pdf directly only as an additional option to the main link pointing to the landing page of desired paper:

```suggestion
  - **Enhanced BasicVSR** – Optimized implementation of the [BasicVSR](https://arxiv.org/abs/2012.02181) ([pdf](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.02181.pdf)) algorithm for 2x up-scaling, using OpenVINO.
```

It would then look like this:
  - **Enhanced BasicVSR** – Optimized implementation of the [BasicVSR](https://arxiv.org/abs/2012.02181) ([pdf](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.02181.pdf)) algorithm for 2x up-scaling, using OpenVINO.

Reviewer: I've done a rebase of the commit/pr head on top of main - as there were important speed-up implemented. Please have an update before continuing @kevinacone

- **Hardware Platforms Supported** – All VSR and SVP models are optimized for Intel® Xeon™ CPUs and Intel® Datacenter GPUs, and take advantage of support for real-time processing and acceleration through Intel® Advanced Vector Extensions (Intel® AVX) and Intel® Advanced Matrix Extensions (Intel® AMX).

  | Algorithm | Processor Families<sup>[1](#footnote1)</sup> | CPU Instruction Sets | Intel GPU Support | 
  ------------|--------------------|----------------------|-------------------|
  | Enhanced RAISR | 3rd Gen Intel® Xeon™ Scalable (Ice Lake)<br>4th Gen Intel Xeon Scalable (recommended) and later | Intel® AVX (AVX2, AVX512, and AVX512FP16) | Flex 170 | 
  | TSENet | 4th Gen Intel Xeon Scalable and later |Intel® AMX (FP16) | Flex 170<br>ARC770 |
  | Enhanced EDSR |4th Gen Intel® Xeon™ Scalable and later |Intel® AMX (FP32 and INT8) | Flex 170<br>ARC770 |
  | Enhanced Basic VSR| 4th Gen Intel Xeon Scalable and later | Intel AMX (FP32) | Flex 170<br>ARC770 |
   SVP | 4th Gen Intel Xeon Scalable and later | Intel AMX (FP16 and INT8) | Flex 170<br>ARC770 |

>   <a name="footnote1">1: In general, the VSR and SVP models will run on other Intel processors that support the instruction set extensions listed.  However, caveat emptor applies, as the models, pipelines and plugins have not been specifically tested or validated on processors except those listed here.</a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Processor Families [^1]

[^1]: In general, the VSR and SVP models will run on other Intel processors that support the instruction set extensions listed.  However, caveat emptor applies, as the models, pipelines and plugins have not been specifically tested or validated on processors except those listed here.
```

Do not mix the HTML style with MD (markdown) as we use automated tools for documentation generation that - even if it would work on GitHub - I will not work for aggregated documentation.

Also, custom anchors will not be included in the document outline/Table of Contents.
For handling added notations, footnotes, side information, warnings etc. it is best to use markdown approach:

Here is a simple footnote[^1].

> 💡 _**Tip:** Example char-based tip_

> ⚠️ _**IMPORTANT** My reference is added at the bottom [^2]_

> 📝  _**Note:** and do not use GitHub annotations [!NOTE] as they do not work with compilers_

A footnote can also have multiple lines[^3].

[^1]: My reference is added to the bottom
[^2]: To add line breaks within a footnote, prefix new lines with 2 spaces.
  This is a second line of moved footnote
[^3]: You can mix it with other markdown styles. [More info regarding syntax](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax):

- **Hardware Platforms Supported** – All VSR and SVP models are optimized for Intel® Xeon™ CPUs and Intel® Datacenter GPUs, and take advantage of support for real-time processing and acceleration through Intel® Advanced Vector Extensions (Intel® AVX) and Intel® Advanced Matrix Extensions (Intel® AMX).

  | Algorithm | Processor Families<sup>[1] | CPU Instruction Sets | Intel GPU Support |
  |-----------|--------------------|----------------------|-------------------|
  | Enhanced RAISR | 3rd Gen Intel® Xeon™ Scalable (Ice Lake)<br>4th Gen Intel Xeon Scalable (recommended) and later | Intel® AVX (AVX2, AVX512, and AVX512FP16) | Flex 170 |
  | TSENet | 4th Gen Intel Xeon Scalable and later |Intel® AMX (FP16) | Flex 170<br>ARC770 |
  | Enhanced EDSR |4th Gen Intel® Xeon™ Scalable and later |Intel® AMX (FP32 and INT8) | Flex 170<br>ARC770 |
  | Enhanced Basic VSR| 4th Gen Intel Xeon Scalable and later | Intel AMX (FP32) | Flex 170<br>ARC770 |
  | SVP | 4th Gen Intel Xeon Scalable and later | Intel AMX (FP16 and INT8) | Flex 170<br>ARC770 |

>   [1]: In general, the VSR and SVP models will run on other Intel processors that support the instruction set extensions listed. However, caveat emptor applies, as the models, pipelines and plugins have not been specifically tested or validated on processors except those listed here.

Author: Queued for later update after this PR merged.
